[OSDOCS-4880]: [feature] ALB on OSD/ROSA (#62273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/aws-load-balancer-operator-install.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing an AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator
Users that wish to install the AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator can do so as long as the following prerequisites are met:

.Prerequisites

> * An existing {product-title} cluster with BYO-VPC installed in STS mode

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this doc just for BYO-VPC and STS cluster? If yes then that is OK. 
Because ALBO (AWS Load Balancer Operator) can be installed any OCP on AWS, but the installation steps are different for non-STS and STS cluster. The latter is more complicated.

Author: > I'm not sure if this doc just for BYO-VPC and STS cluster? If yes then that is OK. Because ALBO (AWS Load Balancer Operator) can be installed any OCP on AWS, but the installation steps are different for non-STS and STS cluster. The latter is more complicated.

Thanks @lihongan,
   Based on what I know (even with all the back and forth/time on this issue), I believe this doc is just for BYO-VPC STS clusters (unless something has changed I am not aware of). @bchandra-ocp, can you confirm?

Reviewer 2: @lihongan In ROSA, we will support only for BYO-VPC and STS clusters. There will be no need to use CCOCTL, which is used in the OCP documentation? There were few more bugs and instructions that don't apply to ROSA. Refer to the XCMSTRAT parent jira for more details. 
Ideally, these must have been tested with ROSA, STS clusters before ALBO/OCP 4.13 GA release. Feel free to test with instructions or using OperatorHub and provide instructions.

Reviewer: Then that's OK.
Actually we have tested ALBO on OSD_CCS, ROSA non-STS, ROSA STS, ROSA HCP. Just need to note the prerequisite before installing ALBO.
For BYOVPC, user need to ensure the proper tags are added to VPC and subnets.
For STS, user need to prepare the secrets manually.

* Cluster-admin access
* Access to modify the VPC and subnets of the created {product-title} cluster
// * AWS account credentials
* Configured {product-title} CLI
* Configured Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI
* Configured OpenShift (oc) CLI
* OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4.13 or later

[NOTE]
====
When installing for use in an AWS Local Zone, the Local Zone is enabled for the account and the  Application Load Balancer (ALB) Operator is an available feature within the Local Zone. Additionally, the ability to use Amazon ELBv2 with {product-title} is subject to the availability of Application Load Balancers (ALB) and Network Load Balancers (NLB) in the AWS Availability Zones and Local Zones.
====
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Application Load Balancer (ALB) Operator supports creating Network Load Balancers (NLBs) on {product-title} clusters in either single-AZ or multi-AZ configurations. Application Load Balancers (ALBs) are supported in multi-AZ {product-title} clusters only, because Application Load Balancers (ALBs) require a multi-AZ configuration.

Reviewer: ALB stands for different meaning so we should be careful when using it.
"Application Load Balancer" is concept of AWS and it is one of the three AWS Load Balancer types which are:

- Classic Load Balancer (CLB)
- Network Load Balancer (NLB)
- Application Load Balancer (ALB)

 And when we talking about the "ALB" Operator it should be AWS Load Balancer Operator, so the first statement should be 
```
The AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) supports creating Network Load Balancers (NLBs) on ......
```
To avoid the confusion, I recommend to always use "AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO)" for the operator itself,  but not to use  "AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator".

Author: > ALB stands for different meaning so we should be careful when using it. "Application Load Balancer" is concept of AWS and it is one of the three AWS Load Balancer types which are:
> 
> * Classic Load Balancer (CLB)
> * Network Load Balancer (NLB)
> * Application Load Balancer (ALB)
> 
> And when we talking about the "ALB" Operator it should be AWS Load Balancer Operator, so the first statement should be
> 
> ```
> The AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) supports creating Network Load Balancers (NLBs) on ......
> ```
> 
> To avoid the confusion, I recommend to always use "AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO)" for the operator itself, but not to use "AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator".

@lihongan, I understand what you are saying: However, I am using that terminology based on existing docs, as seen here: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/2edb97f7-072b-4c7e-88c5-91d9c4c30e45)

Reviewer 2: Yes, please don't abbreviate AWS Load Balancer to ALB. ALB refers to Application Load Balancer. 
Abbreviate AWS Load Balancer Operator to ALBO - that's Red Hat thing.

Author: Changed to ALBO based on recommendations.

====
[WARNING]
====
The AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) Operator must only be installed after the successful installation of a {product-title} cluster. The AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) Operator requires adding tags to cluster VPCs that may interfere with cluster creation.
====
.Procedure

. Identify the cluster infrastructure ID and the cluster OpenID Connect (OIDC) DNS by running the following commands:
.. Identify the {product-title} cluster INFRA ID:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'Infra ID' OR $oc get infrastructure cluster -o json | jq -r '.status.infrastructureName' ----

Reviewer: There are two commands can be used to get infra-id, one is `rosa describe...` and one is `oc get ...` , please separate into two lines. And the last `----` should be in new line.

Author: > There are two commands can be used to get infra-id, one is `rosa describe...` and one is `oc get ...` , please separate into two lines. And the last `----` should be in new line.

Ack. Will change.

* Public subnets: kubernetes.io/role/elb:1
+
[NOTE]
====
Internet-facing and internal load balancers will be created within the  Availability Zones (AZ) of which these subnets belong.
====
+
For more information on adding tags to AWS resources (including VPCs and subnets), see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].
+
. Log into the {product-title} (ROSA) cluster as the Cluster-Admin and create a new project using the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc new-project aws-load-balancer-operator
----
+
. Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
stringData:
  credentials: |
    [default]
    role_arn = <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn><1>
    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
----
<1> Replace <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>' with the AWS IAM role created in step 2a.
+

> . Create the Red Hat-supported AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator:

Reviewer: BTW, user can install ALBO via Console>OperatorHub as well. see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/install-aws-load-balancer-operator.html

Author: @lihongan,
   Hmmmm....okay, I may have been confused on that issue... I thought for STS clusters we could not use the install option in the Operator Hub? Maybe I misinterpreted. @bchandra-ocp, Can you confirm that we can (or cannot) use the OperatorHub in this case (to install the ALBO on an STS cluster)? 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/0f28ec2e-2e5d-4251-a1dc-dd073705386c)

Reviewer: Just the prerequisite is different for non-STS and STS cluster.  Fon non-STS cluster user should follow the prerequisite in above page and create credentialrequest, then the secret will be provisioned automatically.
For STS cluster user need to prepare the secret manually, and it is already mentioned here before this step so user can continue the installation from OperoatorHub.

Author: > Just the prerequisite is different for non-STS and STS cluster. Fon non-STS cluster user should follow the prerequisite in above page and create credentialrequest, then the secret will be provisioned automatically. For STS cluster user need to prepare the secret manually, and it is already mentioned here before this step so user can continue the installation from OperoatorHub.

I am still confused about how the OperatorHub can be used for installing the ALBO based on this prerequisite: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/4fb10e8b-38e2-48cf-a2ae-eb46ab81ac7f)
If a user has "_An existing Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS cluster with BYO-VPC installed in STS mode_", can they or can they not use the OperatorHub to install the ALBO. If they cannot, then should the OperatorHub be mentioned in this doc? I wouldn't think so. Please see this comment (which leads me to believe the OperatorHub does not apply to this doc). https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/62273#discussion_r1303382121.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing an AWS Load Balancer Operator
Users that wish to install the AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) can do so as long as the following prerequisites are met:

.Prerequisites

* An existing {product-title} cluster with BYO-VPC installed in STS mode
* Cluster-admin access
* Access to modify the VPC and subnets of the created {product-title} cluster
// * AWS account credentials
* Configured {product-title} CLI
* Configured Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI
* Configured OpenShift (oc) CLI
* OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4.13 or later

[NOTE]
====

> When installing for use in an AWS Local Zone (LZ), the LZ is enabled for the account and the AWS ALBO is an available feature within the LZ. Additionally, the ability to use Amazon Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) V2 with {product-title} is subject to the availability of Application Load Balancers (ALBs) and Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in availability zones (AZ) and the AWS LZ.

Author: Covers row 7 and row 48

====

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: Covers row 43 in https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nwUdersMAaKZ4AUX_KhCpgsjL6DByxVy2B95CNqaeYY/edit#gid=1241421272

====
The AWS ALBO supports creating NLBs on {product-title} clusters in either single-AZ or multi-AZ configurations. ALBs are supported in multi-AZ {product-title} clusters only, because ALBs require a multi-AZ configuration.
====

> [WARNING]

Author: Covers row 42 in https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nwUdersMAaKZ4AUX_KhCpgsjL6DByxVy2B95CNqaeYY/edit#gid=1241421272

                        ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",
                        ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster""
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}"
----
<1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number.
<2> Replace '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in
step 1b.

[NOTE]
====
Do not include the 'https' portion of the OIDC DNS url when replacing '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in
step 1b.  Only the alphanumeric information that proceeds the '.net/' within the URL is needed.
====
--
. Add the tags necessary for subnet discovery:

.. Add the following {Key: Value} tag to the VPC hosting the {product-title}  cluster, replacing '{Cluster Infra ID}' with the Infra ID specified in step 1a:

* kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned

.. Add the following ELB V2 {Key: Value} tags to the private subnets and (optional) public subnets:

* Private subnets: kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb:1
* Public subnets: kubernetes.io/role/elb:1
+

> [NOTE]

Author: Covers line 21 in https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nwUdersMAaKZ4AUX_KhCpgsjL6DByxVy2B95CNqaeYY/edit#gid=1241421272

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
stringData:
  credentials: |
    [default]
    role_arn = <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn><1>
    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
----
<1> Replace <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>' with the AWS IAM role created in step 2a.
+
. Create AWS ALBO:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  upgradeStrategy: Default
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  channel: stable-v1.0
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  startingCSV: aws-load-balancer-operator.v1.0.0
----
+
. Create AWS ALBC:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1
kind: AWSLoadBalancerController
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  credentials:
    name: aws-load-balancer-operator
----
+

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: Covers row 47 in https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nwUdersMAaKZ4AUX_KhCpgsjL6DByxVy2B95CNqaeYY/edit#gid=1241421272

+
.. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC) and the ALBO, which can be found link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/main/assets/iam-policy.json[here].
+
.. Create an AWS IAM role and assign the AWS IAM policy displayed in step 2a to that role. For more information on creating AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html[Creating IAM roles]. For more information on adding AWS IAM policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html[Adding and removing IAM identity permissions].

.. Assign the following trust policy to the newly-created AWS IAM role. For more information on assigning trust policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/[How to use trust policies with IAM roles].

+
--
[source,json]
----
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Federated": "arn:aws:iam::{AWS-AccountNo}:<1>

>                                 {Cluster's OIDC Endpoint}" <2>

Reviewer: The format looks incorrect, please refer to https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/pull/97/files
it should be like
```
{"Federated":"arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/oidc-abcd.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"}
```

Author: Done.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing an AWS Load Balancer Operator

> Users that wish to install an AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) can do so as long as the following prerequisites are met:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can install an AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) if you meet the following prerequsites.
```
- Per ISG, don't use `wish`. Use `want`. But I would consider rewording the sentence to make it more "you"-centric. 
- Remove the colon before a headig.

Author: Done.

.Prerequisites

> * An existing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have an existing
```

Author: Done

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title} (ROSA)
endif::openshift-rosa[]

> cluster with BYO-VPC across multiple Availability Zones (AZ) installed in STS mode

Author: 1) Seen it both ways but will spell it out. 2) Don't think so...mainly seen it as lower case. Thx!

> cluster with bring-your-own-VPC (BYO-VPC) configuration across multiple availability zones (AZ) installed in STS mode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cluster with bring-your-own-VPC (BYO-VPC) configuration across multiple availability zones (AZ) installed in STS mode.
```

Author: Done

> * Cluster-admin access

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role
```

Author: Done

> * Access to modify the VPC and subnets of the created

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have access to modify the VPC and subnets of the created
```

Author: Done

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]

> cluster

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cluster.
```

Author: Done

// * AWS account credentials

> * Configured

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A configured installation of
```

Author: Done

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]

> ROSA

Author: Ack.

endif::openshift-rosa[]

> CLI (`rosa`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CLI (`rosa`).
```

Author: Done

> * Configured Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have installed the Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI.
```

Author: Done

> * Configured OpenShift (oc) CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have installed the {product-title} CLI (oc)
```

Author: Done

> * OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4.13 or later

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* {product-title} (OCP) 4.13 or later
```
- Use an attribute for OCP
- Do you need an attribute for the version numbe? I'm not sure here. Just wanted to raise it as something to look at.

Author: Need to look into.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
```
Is this just additional useful info or is it required for setup? If it's required (and it sounds like it might be), then maybe it would be better as an IMPORTANT admonition.

Author: Done.

====
When installing the ALBO for use with
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]

> {product-title}

Author: Ack

endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]

> ROSA

Author: Ack

endif::openshift-rosa[]

> cluster in an AWS Local Zone (LZ), the AWS LZ must be enabled for the account and AWS Elastic Load Balancing v2 (ELBv2) services must be available in the AWS LZ.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cluster in an AWS Local Zone (LZ), you must enable the AWS LZ for the account, and AWS Elastic Load Balancing v2 (ELBv2) services must be available in the AWS LZ.
```
- Avoid passive voice.
- Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction

Author: Done

====
.Procedure

. Identify the cluster infrastructure ID and the cluster OpenID Connect (OIDC) DNS by running the following commands:
.. Identify the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster INFRA ID:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'Infra ID'

Author: Not sure, will need to confirm.

----
+
or
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get infrastructure cluster -o json | jq -r '.status.infrastructureName'
----

.. Identify the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster OIDC DNS:
+
--
[source, terminal]
----
$ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'OIDC'
----

Save the output from both commands. You will use this information in future steps within this procedure.

--
. Create and manage AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles and policies:
+

> .. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the ALBO, which can be found link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/prerequisites.md#option-2-using-aws-cli[here].

Reviewer 3: Do you have explicit permission from the DPM/CS/PX to include links to GitHub? If not, then you need to get permission or remove the links. (See the OCP docs guidelines for more info.)

Author: Looking into getting permission or alternative way to present info.

Author: Will need to update: See https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18889

> .. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the ALBO, which can be found link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/prerequisites.md#option-2-using-aws-cli[here].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the ALBO by following the instructions in link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/prerequisites.md#option-2-using-aws-cli[the AWS ALBO documentation].
- 
```
Per [the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-web-ip-email-addresses#referring-to-web-addresses), when you refer to a web page use a meaningful descriptive label.

Author: Done

+

> .. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC), which can be found link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/install.md#option-2-using-the-aws-cli[here].

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above re GH links

> .. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC), which can be found link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/install.md#option-2-using-the-aws-cli[here].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC), as explained in link:https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/install.md#option-2-using-the-aws-cli[the ALBC installation documentation].
```
- Per [the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-web-ip-email-addresses#referring-to-web-addresses), when you refer to a web page use a meaninful descriptive label.

Author: Done

> .. Create an AWS IAM role and assign the AWS IAM policy displayed in step 2a to that role. For more information on creating AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html[Creating IAM roles]. For more information on adding AWS IAM policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html[Adding and removing IAM identity permissions].

Author: Pulled from a referenced doc. Will see if there are other examples/options that work better.

+

> .. Create an AWS IAM role and assign the ALBO and ALBC AWS IAM policies as definined in the steps above. For more information on creating AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html[Creating IAM roles]. For more information on adding AWS IAM policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html[Adding and removing IAM identity permissions].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create an AWS IAM role and assign the ALBO and ALBC AWS IAM policies as defined in the previous steps. For more information on creating AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create.html[Creating IAM roles]. For more information on adding AWS IAM policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html[Adding and removing IAM identity permissions].
```
- Fix typo
- Per [the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#a) don't use `above` to indicate a relative location in a document. Use `previous` or `preceding`.

Author: Done

+
--
[source,json]
----
"{
    ""Version"": ""2012-10-17"",
    ""Statement"": [
        {
            ""Effect"": ""Allow"",
            ""Principal"": {
                ""Federated"": ""arn:aws:iam::{AWS_AccountNo}: <1>

                {Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}"" <2>
            },
            ""Action"": ""sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity"",
            ""Condition"": {
                ""StringEquals"": {
                    ""{Cluster's OIDC Endpoint}:sub"": [

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Author: > The IAM policy mentioned before is only for the controller. The operator needs its own IAM policy. It's not yet committed into `main` but it's coming, see [openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator#97](https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/pull/97).
> 
> So, this part needs to be enlarged to create the roles not only for the controller but for the operator too.

Hello @alebedev87,

    Please see row 16 within the "Documentation" tab in the following spreadsheet (which I was given to use as a guide to writing these docs).  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nwUdersMAaKZ4AUX_KhCpgsjL6DByxVy2B95CNqaeYY/edit#gid=1241421272

Will also attach a screenshot if you don't want to deal with the link: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/a5f66401-2520-4877-984c-0c05ea6895fa)
So, just to clarify, it is in your opinon that we can't coming these two policies into one at this point? Thanks.

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Reviewer 4: The IAM policy you created is not for the operator. You need the operator's IAM policy which is  is not yet available (in a form of a JSON file) on any branch of aws-load-balancer-operator repository. 

The IAM policy you used is for the controller which is created by the operator once `AWSLoadBalancerController` CR is created. And the service account for the controller will be different: `system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-cluster`.

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Author: Hello @alebedev87: Couple of questions here: 

1) You state "The IAM policy you created is not for the operator. You need the operator's IAM policy which is not yet available (in a form of a JSON file) on any branch of aws-load-balancer-operator repository. But soon will be _(https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/pull/97)."

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Author: The service account for the controller will be different: `system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-cluster`.
-Updated the SA for the controller.

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Reviewer 4: > Given that, I will not be able to combine the AWS IAM policies required for the ALBC and ALBO, and the example I gave is only for the ALBC; I will need the ALBO policy separately. 

Yes.

> Looking at https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/pull/97. looks to be about complete. Once it is, can you please send me the correct URL for that policy?

Ok.

> Looking at the attached screenshot, the way I understand it is that:
>
> 2a will be in reference to the AWS IAM policy for the ALBC.
>
> I will have 2b refer to the ALBO IAM policy.
> 
> Hopefully what I am asking makes sense. Thanks.

Yes, it makes sense. I would just show the ALBO IAM policy first and ALBC second because ALBO needs its credentials before ALBC. ALBC is spawned by ALBO. Here is [the link to IAM you need for ALBO](https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/prerequisites.md#option-2-using-aws-cli) and here is [the IAM you need for the controller](https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/61b55feef26e8dfd9d1b2a3300f80ba572f98d58/docs/install.md#option-2-using-the-aws-cli) (you already have but you can double check). Note the difference of the service accounts.

>                         ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",

Author: Thanks. Made changes.

                        ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster""
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}"
----
<1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number.
<2> Replace '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in

> step 1b.

Author: Ack

> <1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number and '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in step 1b.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number and '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified earlier in this procedure.
```
- Best practices for maintainability is not to hard code references to other steps. What if a future revision changes the numbering?

Author: Done

[NOTE]
====

> Do not include the 'https' portion of the OIDC DNS url when replacing '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do not include the `https` portion of the OIDC DNS URL when replacing '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified in
```
- Per ISG, capitalize `URL`

> step 1b.  Only the alphanumeric information that follows the '/' within the URL is needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
step 1b.  Only the alphanumeric information that follows the `/` within the URL is needed.
```
- Same comment as above re hardcoding step numbers in the procedure. Revise to remove.
- Remove hard line break before line 136
- Put literals in bacticks

====
--
. Add the tags necessary for subnet discovery:

> .. Add the following {Key: Value} tag to the VPC hosting the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Add the following `{Key: Value}` tag to the VPC hosting the
```
Use backticks for literals

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]

> cluster, replacing '{Cluster Infra ID}' with the Infra ID specified in step 1a:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cluster. Replace `{Cluster Infra ID}` with the Infra ID specified in step 1a:
```
- add backticks
- don't hardcode references to specific steps

cluster, replacing '{Cluster Infra ID}' with the Infra ID specified in step 1a:

* kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned

.. Add the following ELBv2 {Key: Value} tags to the private subnets and (optional) public subnets:

* Private subnets: kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb:1

> * Public subnets: kubernetes.io/role/elb:1

Reviewer 4: Any particular reason to do the tagging manually?
ALBO is able to detect the subnets and put the right ELB tags on them. Unless it's an existing VPC.
I suppose that's the assumption, right?

Author: Reached out via Slack to get clarification:

Reviewer 4: Indeed, it's for the BringYourOwn VPC ROSA case. So, the manual tagging is the only way forward. Resolving this one.

> * kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned
```
- Needs to be put into a code block

> .. Add the following ELBv2 {Key: Value} tags to the private subnets and (optional) public subnets:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Add the following ELBv2 `{Key: Value}` tags to the private subnets and, optionally, to the public subnets:
```

> * Private subnets: kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb:1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Private subnets: `kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb:1`
```

> * Public subnets: kubernetes.io/role/elb:1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Public subnets: `kubernetes.io/role/elb:1`
```

[NOTE]
====
Internet-facing and internal load balancers will be created within the AZ to which these subnets belong.
====
+

> For more information on adding tags to AWS resources (including VPCs and subnets), see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on adding tags to AWS resources, including VPCs and subnets, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].
```
Per ISG, avoid parentheticals

For more information on adding tags to AWS resources (including VPCs and subnets), see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
ELBv2 resources (such as ALBs and NLBs) created by ALBO do not inherit custom tags set for
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
clusters. Tags must be set separately for these resources.
====
+

> . Log into the

Author: Ack

> clusters. Tags must be set separately for these resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
clusters. You must set tags must separately for these resources.
```
Avoid passive voice

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster as the Cluster-Admin and create a new project using the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc new-project aws-load-balancer-operator
----
+

> . Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the ALBO service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the ALBO:

Author: ![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/122639474/f17d121e-d707-4b91-a690-31fa776f392e)

> . Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the ALBO service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the ALBO:

Author: Ack

> . Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the AWS ALBO service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the AWS ALBO:

Author: Good catch, thanks @lihongan. I will change it.

> cluster as the cluster-admin and create a new project using the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role and create a new project using the following command:
```

> . Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the ALBO service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the ALBO:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Link the AWS IAM role created in step 2a with the ALBO service account and create a Kubernetes Secret for the ALBO:
```
Don't hardcode references to other steps

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
stringData:
  credentials: |
    [default]

>     role_arn = <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn><1>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    role_arn = <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn> <1>
```

    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
----

> <1> Replace <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>' with the AWS IAM role created in step 2a.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `<aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>` with the AWS IAM role created in step 2a.
```
- Same comment at above re hardcoding step numbers

<1> Replace <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>' with the AWS IAM role created in step 2a.
+
. Create ALBO:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  upgradeStrategy: Default
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  channel: stable-v1.0
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  startingCSV: aws-load-balancer-operator.v1.0.0
----
+

> . Create AWS ALBC:

Author: Ack.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1
kind: AWSLoadBalancerController
metadata:
  name: cluster

> spec:

Reviewer 4: If the manual tagging was done before, `AWSLoadBalancerController` needs to set the [subnetTagging field](https://github.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/blob/main/docs/tutorial.md#subnettagging) to `Manual`. Otherwise `Auto` mode is set by default.

Reviewer 4: Yes, `subnetTagging` needs to be set to `Manual` if it was done manually before (like in your document). Otherwise the operator will try to tag the subnets and in the case of the BYO VPC it can mess things up.

> Also, do you think it is necessary to tell the reader that Auto is set by default?

Normally the user can use `oc explain AWSLoadbalancerController` command and get the description of each field, with mentions of what is set by default. So I would say no, it's not strictly necessary to mention the default here.

Author: Got it, thanks @alebedev87.

  credentials:
    name: aws-load-balancer-operator
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Because AWS ALBCs do not support creating ALBs associated with both AZs and AWS LZs,
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]

> clusters can have ALBs associated exclusively with either AWS LZs or AZs, but not simultaneously.

Author: Ack.

> ====

Reviewer 3: There are a LOT of initialisms happening in this admonition. I find it a bit distracting, but I'm not sure how our users would take it. Just something to think about.

+
For more information regarding AWS ALBC configurations, see the following topics:

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/multiple-ingress-through-single-alb.html[Creating multiple ingresses]
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.html[Adding TLS termination]

. Confirm successful installation by running the following commands:

> .. To gather information about pods within the project:

Author: Ack.

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n aws-load-balancer-operator:
----

> .. To view the logs within the project:

Author: Ack.

> $ oc get pods -n aws-load-balancer-operator:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ oc get pods -n aws-load-balancer-operator
```

Author: Done

> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/multiple-ingress-through-single-alb.html[Creating multiple ingresses]
> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.html[Adding TLS termination]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/multiple-ingress-through-single-alb.html[Creating multiple ingresses]
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.html[Adding TLS termination]
```
First, internal links should be formatted as xrefs and not as direct links. But per the OCP docs guidelines, xrefs aren't allowed in modules. So you'll need to find a way to relocate this section to the assembly file and then change the links to xrefs. Lmk if you have questions.

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc logs -n aws-load-balancer-operator deployment/aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager -c manager
----
.Verification

> For detailed instructions on how to verify ELBv2 is created for the application running within the

Author: Ack.

ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]

> cluster, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/create-instance-aws-load-balancer-controller.html[Creating an instance of AWS Load Balancer Controller].

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above re links vs xrefs and re not using xrefs in module files.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing an AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator
Users that wish to install the AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator can do so as long as the following prerequisites are met.

.Prerequisites

* A multi-AZ ROSA cluster deployed with STS and created using customer-managed Subnets
* Access to modify the VPC and Subnets of the created {product-title} cluster
// * AWS account credentials
* Configured {product-title} (ROSA) CLI
* Configured Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI
* Configured OpenShift (oc) CLI
* OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4.13 or later

[NOTE]
====

> When installing for use in an AWS Local Zone, the Local Zone is enabled for the account and the ALB Operator is available within the Local Zone/region.

Reviewer 2: It is not "the ALB Operator is available within the ...".
It is "the Application Load Balancer (ALB) is an available feature within the Local Zone"

Author: > It is not "the ALB Operator is available within the ...". It is "the Application Load Balancer (ALB) is an available feature within the Local Zone"

Ack. Changed.

====

.Procedure

> . Specify the cluster infrastructure ID and the cluster OpenID Connect (OIDC) DNS using the following commands:

Reviewer 2: Specify is an odd word for this. Here, customer is identifying these properties. Perhaps, we use 'Identify'?

Author: > Specify is an odd word for this. Here, customer is identifying these properties. Perhaps, we use 'Identify'?

Ack. Changed. (sidenote: I was using "Specify based on an existing doc in our doc set, but I think "Identify is better". Will see how it holds up going through review process.).

.. Specify the {product-title} (ROSA) cluster INFRA ID:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'Infra ID' .. OR   $oc get infrastructure cluster -o json | jq -r '.status.infrastructureName' ----
----

.. Specify the {product-title} (ROSA) cluster OIDC DNS:
+
--
[source, terminal]
----
$ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'OIDC'
----

Save the output from both commands. You will use this information in future steps within this procedure.

--
. Create and manage AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles and policies:
+
.. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC) and the AWS Load Balancer (ALB) Operator with the following content:
+

> [source,json]

Reviewer 2: Should we have an expand/collapse option for this to make more readable/concise the rest of the instructions?
Should we use the URL of the source to make sure there are not typos and drift from source?

Author: > Should we have an expand/collapse option for this to make more readable/concise the rest of the instructions? 
Maybe (probably) so. Will have to do some restructuring overall. Will continue to work on seeing about restructuring.  
Should we use the URL of the source to make sure there are not typos and drift from source? Was curious to see what you would say about this :). Yes, I will include URL instead of inserted JSON info. Also will shorten the docs by doing so.

                {Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}"" <2>
            },
            ""Action"": ""sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity"",
            ""Condition"": {
                ""StringEquals"": {
                    ""{Cluster's OIDC Endpoint}:sub"": [
                        ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"",
                        ""system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster""
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}"
----
<1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number.
<2> Replace '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS specified in
step 1b.

[NOTE]
====
Do not include the 'https' portion of the OIDC DNS url. Only the alphanumeric information that proceeds the '.net/' within the URL is necessary for this task.
====
--
. Add the tags necessary for subnet discovery:

.. Add the following {Key: Value} tag to the VPC hosting the {product-title} cluster, replacing '{Cluster Infra ID}' with the Infra ID specified in step 1a:

* kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned

> .. Add the following Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) {Key: Value} tags to private subnets and (optional) public subnets.

Reviewer 2: There is no Elastic Load Balancer. It is Elastic Load Balancing.

Author: > There is no Elastic Load Balancer. It is Elastic Load Balancing.

Ack. Corrected.

Author: Ack. Changed.

* Private Subnets: kubernetes.io/role/elb:1

> * Public subnets and kubernetes.io/role/interna-elb:1

Reviewer 2: A few typos on 2nd line:
- A typo on internal-elb
- Missing colon after Subnets
- Upper Case Subnet

Author: Ack, Changed all mentions of "subnets" to lowercase to reflect other examples within docs.

[NOTE]
====
Internet-facing and internal load balancers will be created within the  Availability Zones (AZ) of which these subnets belong.
====

> For more information on adding tags to AWS resources (including VPCs and subnets), see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].

Reviewer 2: This whole section comes out broken in the overall page, please check.
The numbered lists restart from 1. There's perhaps a title missing??

Author: > This whole section comes out broken in the overall page, please check. The numbered lists restart from 1. There's perhaps a title missing??

Ack. Yes, there is an issue with the numbering I am trying to resolve. That whole section needs to be worked on (hadn't started on that section yet).

Author: > This whole section comes out broken in the overall page, please check. The numbered lists restart from 1. There's perhaps a title missing??

The numbering issue was resolved.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="aws-load-balancer-operator-install_{context}"]
= Installing an AWS Load Balancer Operator
You can install an AWS Load Balancer Operator (ALBO) if you meet certain requirements.

.Prerequisites

* You have an existing
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title} (ROSA)
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster with bring-your-own-VPC (BYO-VPC) configuration across multiple availability zones (AZ) installed in STS mode.
* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have access to modify the VPC and subnets of the created
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster.
// * AWS account credentials
* You have installed the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
CLI (`rosa`).

> * You have installed the Amazon Web Services (AWS) CLI.

Author: I have not seen "Amazon Web Services" as an attribute, and did not see that being used in that way in the ROSA docs.

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (oc).

> * You are using OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4.13 or later.

Author: I spoke to some other ROSA writers about this (to confirm what I thought) and what I was told b/c of the way the distros are set up, we have to hardcode "OpenShift Container Platform", as using the attribute will not render correctly.

.. Identify the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster INFRA ID:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'Infra ID'
----
+
or
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get infrastructure cluster -o json | jq -r '.status.infrastructureName'
----

.. Identify the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster OIDC DNS:
+
--
[source, terminal]
----
$ rosa describe cluster --cluster=<cluster_name> | grep -i 'OIDC'
----

Save the output from both commands. You will use this information in future steps within this procedure.

--
. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the ALBO:
+
.. Create ALBO namespace:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace aws-load-balancer-operator
----
+
.. Assign the following trust policy to the newly-created AWS IAM role. For more information on assigning trust policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/[How to use trust policies with IAM roles].
+

> [source,json]

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure, but is this block in json format or something else? It's rendering in a weird way in the preview.

Author: Should have been [source,terminal] in both instances.

----
IDP='{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}'
IDP_ARN="arn:aws:iam::<my-aws-account>:oidc-provider/${IDP}" <1>
cat <<EOF > albo-operator-trusted-policy.json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Federated": "${IDP_ARN}"
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "${IDP}:sub": "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager"
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
EOF
----
<1> Replace '{AWS_AccountNo}' with your AWS account number and '{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}' with the OIDC DNS identified earlier in this procedure.
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 3: I recommend changing this admonition to `IMPORTANT`. Per our [SSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions), NOTE is for "additional guidance or advice" and IMPORTANT is for info that's "essential to completion of a task." If users do not follow the guidance here, the procedure will result in a mis-configuration, correct?

====
Do not include the `https` portion of the OIDC DNS URL when replacing `{Cluster_OIDC_Endpoint}` with the OIDC DNS you identified earlier. Only the alphanumeric information that follows the `/` within the URL is needed.
====
+

> .. Create and verify the role with the generated trusted policy:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create and verify the role by using the generated trusted policy:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ aws iam create-role --role-name albo-operator --assume-role-policy-document file://albo-operator-trusted-policy.json
OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN=$(aws iam get-role --role-name albo-operator | \grep '^ROLE' | \grep -Po 'arn:aws:iam[0-9a-z/:\-_]+')
echo $OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN
----
+
.. Attach the operator's permission policy to the role:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ curl -o albo-operator-permission-policy.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alebedev87/aws-load-balancer-operator/aws-cli-commands-for-sts/hack/operator-permission-policy.json
aws iam put-role-policy --role-name albo-operator --policy-name perms-policy-albo-operator --policy-document file://albo-operator-permission-policy.json
----
+
. Generate the controller's AWS credentials:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat <<EOF> albo-operator-aws-credentials.cfg
[default]
sts_regional_endpoints = regional
role_arn = ${OPERATOR_ROLE_ARN}
web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
EOF
----
+

> //[NOTE]

Reviewer 3: I know this is commented out, but I recommend changing this NOTE to IMPORTANT as well.

//====

> //Mind the format of the credentials file, examples can be found in OCP documentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
//Mind the format of the credentials file, examples can be found in OCP documentation.
```
If you uncomment this content, it needs to be rewritten to be more specific about the correct format of the credentials file.

Author: Slashes removed

//====

> . Create the controller's credentials secret with the generated AWS credentials:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Create the controller's credentials secret by using the generated AWS credentials:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc -n aws-load-balancer-operator create secret generic aws-load-balancer-operator --from-file=credentials=albo-operator-aws-credentials.cfg
----

. Create the AWS IAM policy required for the AWS Load Balancer Controller (ALBC):
+

> .. Generate a trusted policy file using your identity provider (e.g. OpenID Connect):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Generate a trusted policy file for your identity provider (for example, OpenID Connect):
```
- [Per the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-abbreviations#latin-abbreviations), don't use Latin abbreviations.
- Does the example in the step use Open ID Connect? If so, change the step text to 
 
`Generate a trusted policy file for your identity provider. The following example uses OpenID Connect:`

+

> [source,json]

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure, but is this block in json format or something else? It's rendering in a weird way in the preview.

Author: Should have been `[source,terminal]` in both instances.

----
IDP="<my-oidc-provider-name>"
IDP_ARN="arn:aws:iam::<my-aws-account>:oidc-provider/${IDP}"
cat <<EOF > albo-controller-trusted-policy.json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Federated": "${IDP_ARN}"
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "${IDP}:sub": "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster"
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
EOF
----
+

> .. Create and verify the role with the generated trusted policy:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create and verify the role by using the generated trusted policy:
```
- I recommend replacing `with` with `by using` because `with` could be understood to mean `placing together` in addition to `by using` -- so to my ears, `by using` is less ambiguous. (This comment applies to earlier suggestions I made, too.)

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ aws iam create-role --role-name albo-controller --assume-role-policy-document file://albo-controller-trusted-policy.json
CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN=$(aws iam get-role --role-name albo-controller | \grep '^ROLE' | \grep -Po 'arn:aws:iam[0-9a-z/:\-_]+')
echo $CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN
----
+
.. Attach the controller's permission policy to the role:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -o albo-controller-permission-policy.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/main/assets/iam-policy.json
aws iam put-role-policy --role-name albo-controller --policy-name perms-policy-albo-controller --policy-document file://albo-controller-permission-policy.json
----
+

> .. Generate the controller's aws credentials:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Generate the controller's AWS credentials:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat <<EOF > albo-controller-aws-credentials.cfg
[default]
sts_regional_endpoints = regional
role_arn = ${CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN}
web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
EOF
----
+

> .. Create the controller's credentials secret with the generated aws credentials:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Create the controller's credentials secret by using the generated AWS credentials:
```

.. Add the following `{Key: Value}` tag to the VPC hosting the
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
cluster. Replace `{Cluster Infra ID}` with the Infra ID specified previously:
+
[source, terminal]
----
* kubernetes.io/cluster/${Cluster Infra ID}:owned
----
+
.. Add the following ELBv2 `{Key: Value}` tags to the private subnets and, optionally, to the public subnets:

* Private subnets: `kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb:1`
* Public subnets: `kubernetes.io/role/elb:1`
+
[NOTE]
====
Internet-facing and internal load balancers will be created within the AZ to which these subnets belong.
====
+
For more information on adding tags to AWS resources, including VPCs and subnets, see link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html[Tag your Amazon EC2 resources].
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
ELBv2 resources (such as ALBs and NLBs) created by ALBO do not inherit custom tags set for
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
clusters. You must set tags separately for these resources.
====
+

> . Log into the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Log in to the
```
- Per ISG word usage guidelines, the verb is `log in`: two words.

spec:
  channel: stable-v1.0
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  startingCSV: aws-load-balancer-operator.v1.0.0
----
+
. Create an AWS ALBC:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1
kind: AWSLoadBalancerController
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  subnetTagging: Manual
  credentials:
    name: aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Because AWS ALBCs do not support creating ALBs associated with both AZs and AWS LZs,
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
{product-title}
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
ROSA
endif::openshift-rosa[]
clusters can have ALBs associated exclusively with either AWS LZs or AZs but not both simultaneously.
====
+
For more information regarding AWS ALBC configurations, see the following topics:

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/multiple-ingress-through-single-alb.html[Creating multiple ingresses]
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.html[Adding TLS termination]

> . Confirm successful installation by running the following commands:

Reviewer 3: Would this step make more sense in the Verification section because the user is confirming that the installation was successful? I would recommend moving it because the procedure with all the steps and sub-steps is already pretty lengthy.

Author: Good call. Agreed.

.. Gather information about pods within the project:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n aws-load-balancer-operator
----
.. View the logs within the project:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc logs -n aws-load-balancer-operator deployment/aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager -c manager
----

> .Verification

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

.Verification
```
Need to insert a blank line. Otherwise the heading is indented with the steps (see the preview).

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/86380613/829b4c5c-ebf0-4226-8491-5f7b0a9a1f07)

        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Federated": "${IDP_ARN}"
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "${IDP}:sub": "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster"
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
EOF
----
+
.. Create and verify the role with the generated trusted policy:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ aws iam create-role --role-name albo-controller --assume-role-policy-document file://albo-controller-trusted-policy.json
CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN=$(aws iam get-role --role-name albo-controller | \grep '^ROLE' | \grep -Po 'arn:aws:iam[0-9a-z/:\-_]+')
echo $CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN
----
+
.. Attach the controller's permission policy to the role:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -o albo-controller-permission-policy.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator/main/assets/iam-policy.json
aws iam put-role-policy --role-name albo-controller --policy-name perms-policy-albo-controller --policy-document file://albo-controller-permission-policy.json
----
+

> .. Generate the operator's aws credentials:

Reviewer: Should be `Generate the controller's aws credentials:`

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat <<EOF > albo-controller-aws-credentials.cfg
[default]
sts_regional_endpoints = regional
role_arn = ${CONTROLLER_ROLE_ARN}
web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
EOF
----
+

> .. Create the operator's credentials secret with the generated aws credentials

Reviewer: Should be `Create the controller's credentials secret with the generated aws credentials`

. Assign the following trust policy to the newly-created AWS IAM role. For more information on assigning trust policies to AWS IAM roles, see link:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/[How to use trust policies with IAM roles].

+
--
[source,json]
----
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Federated": "arn:aws:iam::{AWS-AccountNo}:{Cluster's OIDC Endpoint}" <1>
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "{Cluster's OIDC Endpoint}:sub": [
                        "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager",
                        "system:serviceaccount:aws-load-balancer-operator:aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-cluster"

>                     ]

Reviewer: This trust policy is not required anymore since in previous steps we already created two separated policies for `aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager` and `aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster`

Author: Waiting on response for clarification.

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
stringData:
  credentials: |
    [default]
    role_arn = <aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn> <1>
    web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
----
<1> Replace `<aws-load-balancer-operator-role-arn>` with the AWS IAM role you created previously.
+
. Create ALBO:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  upgradeStrategy: Default
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  namespace: aws-load-balancer-operator
spec:
  channel: stable-v1.0
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  startingCSV: aws-load-balancer-operator.v1.0.0
----
+
. Create an AWS ALBC:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1
kind: AWSLoadBalancerController
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  subnetTagging: Manual
  credentials:

>     name: aws-load-balancer-operator

Reviewer: Here we should use the secret for controller instead of operator, so it should be 
```
  credentials:
    name: aws-load-balancer-controller-cluster
```
